OSDOCS-3141: Cluster autoscaler node utilization threshold in 4.10 (#41348)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-autoscaler-about.adoc

Every 10 seconds, the cluster autoscaler checks which nodes are unnecessary in the cluster and removes them. The cluster autoscaler considers a node for removal if the following conditions apply:

> * The node utilization is less than the _node utilization level_ threshold for the cluster. The node utilization level is the sum of the requested resources divided by the allocated resources for the node. If you do not specify a value in the `ClusterAutoscaler` custom resource, the cluster autoscaler uses a default value of `0.5`, corresponding to 50% utilization.

Author: Note to self:
```suggestion
* The node utilization is less than the _node utilization level_ threshold for the cluster. The node utilization level is the sum of the requested resources divided by the allocated resources for the node. If you do not specify a value in the `ClusterAutoscaler` custom resource, the cluster autoscaler uses a default value of `0.5`, which corresponds to 50% utilization.
```
